Just gonna stand there and watch me burn.
That's alright because I like the way it hurts.
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry.
That's alright because I love the way you lie.
I love the way you lie.
I can't tell you what it really is.
I can only tell you what it feels like.
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe.
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight.
As long as the wall feels right it's like I'm in flight.
High off a log, choke on my hate.
It's like I'm huffing pain and I love it the more I suffer.
I suffocate and break a form about to drown.
She resuscitates me, she fucking hates me.
And I love it, wait, where you going?
I'm leaving you.
No you ain't, come back.
We're running right back.
Here we go again, it's so insane.
Cause when it's going good it's going great.
I'm Superman with the wind in his back.
She's slow and slain for when it's bad, it's awful.
I feel so ashamed, I snap, who's next to me?
I don't even know his name, I laid hands on him.
I never stooped so long again, I guess I don't know my own strength.
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn.
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts.
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry.
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts.
I love the way you lie.
I love the way you lie.
I love the way you lie.
You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe when you're with them.
You meet, and neither one of you even know what hit them.
Got that warm fuzzy feeling, getting chills used to get them.
Now you're getting fucking sick of looking at them.
You swore you'd never hit them, never do nothing to hurt them.
Now you're in each other's face.
Be within them.
And you burst when you spit them.
You push, pull each other's heads.
Scratch, pop, hit them, thump, tap, hit them.
So lost in the moments when you're in them.
It's the phrase that you call break and chose your bones.
So they say it best, they call you separate ways.
Guess that they don't know you cause today, that was yesterday.
Yesterday is always a different day.
It's not like broken records playing over what you promised them.
Next time they'll show restraint.
You don't get another chance.
Life is not a tango game, but you lie to gain.
Now you get to watch her leap out the window.
Guess that's why they call it windowpane.
Just gonna stand there.
Watch me burn.
But that's all right, because I left the way it hurts.
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry.
But that's all right, because I left the way it lies.
I left the way it lies.
I left the way it lies.
Now I know we said things, big things that we didn't mean.
And we fall back into the same pattern.
Seventeen, but your temper's just as bad as mine is.
You're the same as me when it comes to love you just as blinded.
Baby, please come back.
It wasn't you.
Baby, it was me.
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems.
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano.
While I know it's not love you too much.
Talk away now.
Come inside.
Pick up your bags off the sidewalk.
Don't you hear some snaring?
And my voice when I talk?
Told you this is my fault.
Look me in the eyeball.
Next time I'll pistol aim my fist at the drywall.
Next time.
There will be no next time.
I apologize, even though I know it's lies.
I'm tired of the games.
I just wanna bounce.
I know I'm alive.
If she ever tries to fucking leave again, I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire.
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn.
But that's all right, because I left the way it hurts.
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn.
And she was right, but I'm lost.
I wanna stay there and you'll be fine.
That's all right, because I left the way it hurts.
I left the way it hurts.
I left the way it hurts.
